Joefus Carthisius and the Three Hairy Giraffes
A Fairy Tale
by yoloswag

Once upon a time there was a yellow girl called Joefus Carthisius. She was on the way to see her owner Eoghan O'Shea, when she decided to take a short cut through Belfield.

It wasn't long before Joefus got lost. She looked around, but all she could see were trees. Nervously, she felt into her bag for her favourite toy, Anding Zhu, but Anding Zhu was nowhere to be found! Joefus began to panic. She felt sure she had packed Anding Zhu. To make matters worse, she was starting to feel hungry.

Unexpectedly, she saw a hairy giraffe dressed in an indigo skirt disappearing into the trees.

"How odd!" thought Joefus.

For the want of anything better to do, she decided to follow the peculiarly dressed giraffe. Perhaps it could tell him the way out of the forest.

Eventually, Joefus reached a clearing. She found herself surrounded by houses made from different sorts of food. There was a house made from eggplant, a house made from pizza, a house made from pizza and a house made from pizza.

Joefus could feel her tummy rumbling. Looking at the houses did nothing to ease her hunger.

"Hello!" she called. "Is anybody there?"

Nobody replied.

Joefus looked at the roof on the closest house and wondered if it would be rude to eat somebody else's chimney. Obviously it would be impolite to eat a whole house, but perhaps it would be considered acceptable to nibble the odd fixture or lick the odd fitting, in a time of need.

A cackle broke through the air, giving Joefus a fright. A witch jumped into the space in front of the houses. She was carrying a cage. In that cage was Anding Zhu!

"Anding Zhu!" shouted Joefus. She turned to the witch. "That's my toy!"

The witch just shrugged.

"Give Anding Zhu back!" cried Joefus.

"Not on your nelly!" said the witch.

"At least let Anding Zhu out of that cage!"

Before she could reply, three hairy giraffes rushed in from a footpath on the other side of the clearing. Joefus recognised the one in the indigo skirt that she'd seen earlier. The witch seemed to recognise him too.

"Hello Big Giraffe," said the witch.

"Good morning." The giraffe noticed Anding Zhu. "Who is this?"

"That's Anding Zhu," explained the witch.

"Ooh! Anding Zhu would look lovely in my house. Give it to me!" demanded the giraffe.

The witch shook her head. "Anding Zhu is staying with me."

"Um... Excuse me..." Joefus interrupted. "Anding Zhu lives with me! And not in a cage!"

Big Giraffe ignored her. "Is there nothing you'll trade?" he asked the witch.

The witch thought for a moment, then said, "I do like to be entertained. I'll release him to anybody who can eat a whole front door."

Big Giraffe looked at the house made from pizza and said, "No problem, I could eat an entire house made from pizza if I wanted to."

"That's nothing," said the next giraffe. "I could eat two houses."

"There's no need to show off," said the witch. Just eat one front door and I'll let you have Anding Zhu."

Joefus watched, feeling very worried. She didn't want the witch to give Anding Zhu to Big Giraffe. She didn't think Anding Zhu would like living with a hairy giraffe, away from her house and all her other toys.

The other two giraffes watched while Big Giraffe put on his bib and withdrew a knife and fork from his pocket.

"I'll eat this whole house," said Big Giraffe. "Just you watch!"

Big Giraffe pulled off a corner of the front door of the house made from pizza. He gulped it down smiling, and went back for more.

   And more.

      And more.

Eventually, Big Giraffe started to get bigger - just a little bit bigger at first. But after a few more fork-fulls of pizza, he grew to the size of a large snowball - and he was every bit as round.

"Erm... I don't feel too good," said Big Giraffe.

Suddenly, he started to roll. He'd grown so round that he could no longer balance!

"Help!" he cried, as he rolled off down a slope into the forest.

Big Giraffe never finished eating the front door made from pizza and Anding Zhu remained trapped in the witch's cage.

Average Giraffe stepped up, and approached the house made from pizza.
"I'll eat this whole house," said Average Giraffe. "Just you watch!"

Average Giraffe pulled off a corner of the front door of the house made from pizza. She gulped it down smiling, and went back for more.

   And more.

      And more.

After a while, Average Giraffe started to look a little queasy. She grew greener...

   ...and greener.

A woodcutter walked into the clearing. "What's this bush doing here?" he asked.

"I'm not a bush, I'm a giraffe!" said Average Giraffe.

"It talks!" exclaimed the woodcutter. "Those talking bushes are the worst kind. I'd better take it away before somebody gets hurt."

"No! Wait!" cried Average Giraffe, as the woodcutter picked her up. But the woodcutter ignored her cries and carried the giraffe away under his arm.

Average Giraffe never finished eating the front door made from pizza and Anding Zhu remained trapped in the witch's cage.

Little Giraffe stepped up, and approached the house made from pizza.
"I'll eat this whole house," said Little Giraffe. "Just you watch!"

Little Giraffe pulled off a corner of the front door of the house made from pizza. He gulped it down smiling, and went back for more.

   And more.

      And more.

After five or six platefuls, Little Giraffe started to fidget uncomfortably on the spot.

He stopped eating pizza for a moment, then grabbed another forkful.

But before he could eat it, there came an almighty roar. A bottom burp louder than a rocket taking off, propelled Little Giraffe into the sky.

"Aggghhhhhh!" cried Little Giraffe. "I'm scared of heigh..."

Little Giraffe was never seen again.

Little Giraffe never finished eating the front door made from pizza and Anding Zhu remained trapped in the witch's cage.

"That's it," said the witch. "I win. I get to keep Anding Zhu."

"Not so fast," said Joefus. "There is still one front door to go. The front door of the house made from eggplant. And I haven't had a turn yet.

"I don't have to give you a turn!" laughed the witch. "My game. My rules."

The woodcutter's voice carried through the forest. "I think you should give her a chance. It's only fair."

"Fine," said the witch. "But you saw what happened to the giraffes. She won't last long."

"I'll be right back," said Joefus.

"What?" said the witch. "Where's your sense of impatience? I thought you wanted Anding Zhu back."

Joefus ignored the witch and gathered a hefty pile of sticks. She came back to the clearing and started a small camp fire. Carefully, she broke off a piece of the door of the house made from eggplant and toasted it over the fire. Once it had cooked and cooled just a little, she took a bite. She quickly devoured the whole piece.

Joefus sat down on a nearby log.

"You fail!" cackled the witch. "You were supposed to eat the whole door."

"I haven't finished," explained Joefus. "I am just waiting for my food to go down."

When Joefus's food had digested, she broke off another piece of the door made from eggplant. Once more, she toasted her food over the fire and waited for it to cool just a little. She ate it at a leisurely pace then waited for it to digest.

Eventually, after several sittings, Joefus was down to the final piece of the door made from eggplant. Carefully, she toasted it and allowed it to cool just a little. She finished her final course. Joefus had eaten the entire front door of the house made from eggplant.

The witch stamped her foot angrily. "You must have tricked me!" she said. "I don't reward cheating!"

"I don't think so!" said a voice. It was the woodcutter. He walked back into the clearing, carrying his axe. "This little girl won fair and square. Now hand over Anding Zhu or I will chop your broomstick in half."

The witch looked horrified. She grabbed her broomstick and placed it behind her. Then, huffing, she opened the door of the cage.

Joefus hurried over and grabbed Anding Zhu, checking that her favourite toy was all right. Fortunately, Anding Zhu was unharmed.

Joefus thanked the woodcutter, grabbed a quick souvenir, and hurried on to meet Eoghan. It was starting to get dark.

When Joefus got to Eoghan's house, her owner threw his arms around her.

"I was so worried!" cried Eoghan. "You are very late."

As Joefus described her day, she could tell that Eoghan didn't believe her. So she grabbed a napkin from her pocket.

"What's that?" asked Eoghan.

Joefus unwrapped a doorknob made from pizza. "Pudding!" she said.

Eoghan almost fell off his chair.

The End
